# CombineGame

CombineGame is a set of games whose objective is to find a secret combination. The console serves as a display interface for CombineGame.
The current version of CombineGame offers 2 games (More or Less and Mastermind) that can be played in 3 modes (Challenger, Defender, Duel).

## More or Less

The goal of More or Less is to discover a combination of numbers in a limited number of tries. Each proposal is compared with the combination to be discovered. The result of this comparison is given as a string of +, - or = characters depending on whether the number of the mystery combination is greater, less or equal to the one proposed.

* In Challenger game mode, the player must find a combination generated by the computer.
* In Defender game mode, the player provides a combination and the computer must try to find that combination.
* In Duel game mode, the player and computer play against each other. The player must find a combination generated by the computer and the computer must find a combination provided by the player.

## Mastermind

The goal of the Mastermind game is to discover a combination of numbers in a limited number of tries. Each proposal is compared with the combination to be discovered. In this game, the result of this comparison indicates how many numbers are present and well positioned in relation to the mystery combination, and how many numbers are present and incorrectly positioned.

* In Challenger game mode, the player must find a combination generated by the computer.
* In Defender game mode, the player provides a combination and the computer must try to find that combination.
* In Duel game mode, the player and computer play against each other. The player must find a combination generated by the computer and the computer must find a combination provided by the player.


# Compilation / Execution

This project uses Log4j2. The jars needed for its use can be found in the /lib folder. Before compiling and running CombineGame, it is necessary that these jars are added to your project in your IDE. The log level is defined in the log4j2.xml file. The level change is dynamic and can be made during the execution of CombineGame (with a maximum 30 seconds delay). The log file will be located in a log folder called CombineGame.log.

The config.properties file located in the /resources folder allows you to set various parameters. 

* The developer mode allowing to see the combination to be discovered from the beginning of the game is activated by passing the parameter "DEVELOPER_MODE" to true.
* The number of possible tests is to be defined with the parameter "NB_MAX_TRIES".
* The number of digits constituting the secret combinations of the games can be set with the parameter "NB_DIGITS_MYSTERY".
* The maximum value that each digit of the combination can take is defined with the parameter "MAX_VALUE_DIGIT" for the More or Less game and "NB_COLORS" for the Mastermind game.

 